Where do cows go on a Friday Night?The moo-vies!
How do you throw a space party?You planet!
What type of bug is in the FBI?A Spy-der!
What time do the ducks wake up?At the quack of dawn!
What happened to the icecream van?It melted!
Why did the tomato blush?Because he saw the salad dressing!
Why can't the music teachers start his car?His keys are on the piano!
Where do fish keep their money?In the riverbank!
What do you call a fake noodle?An impasta!
How do you make an octopus laugh?With ten-tickles!
What do you call an alligator who solves mysteries?An investigator!
What kind of socks do grizzlies wear?None, they have bear feet!
What do you call a cheese that's not yours?Nacho cheese!
Where does fruit go on vacation?Pear-is!
What does a cow call an eathquake?A milkshake!
Why can't you trust tacos?Because they always spill the beans!
What did the triangle feel sorry for the circle?Because it's pointless!
Why was the math book sad?It had too many problems!
What do you call a hen who counts her own eggs?A mathema-chicken!
What is a bird's favorite type of math?OWL-gebra!
What did one wall say to the other wall?I'll meet you at the corner!
Why did the kid throw his clock out the window?Because he wanted to see time fly!
What do you call a huge pile of cats?A meow-ntain!
Why wouldn't the shrimp share his treasure?Because he was a little shellfish!
Why do vampires seem sick all the time?Because they're always coffin!
How do you get an astronaut's baby to stop crying?You rocket!
Why are mountains so funny?They're just hill areas!
Why did the student eat his homework?Because his teacher told him it would be a piece of cake!
What do you call a bee that can't make up its mind?A maybe!
What did one volcano say to the other?I lava you!
What did the teacher say when a book fell on their head?I have only my shelf to blame.
What kind of tree can fit in one hand?A palm tree!
Why do bicycles fall over?Because they're two-tired!
What does the ocean do when it sees its friends?It waves!
What did the paper say to the pencil?Write on!
How does the moon cut his hair?Eclipse it!
Why are elevator jokes so good?They work on many levels!
Why are balloons so expensive?Inflation!
Why can't you trust atoms?They make up everything!
What don't eggs tell jokes?They'd crack each other up!

